[breathing shakily]
c0000001
[buzzing]
c0000002
[TALISMAN]
A question has been tickling
c0000003
the back of my mind lately,
c0000004
and I cannot help but ask, why?
c0000005
Why would Vichyssoise,
one of our trump cards, fall?
c0000006
Someone not many people,
c0000007
even from the Lou
and the Zoa families,
c0000008
can rival?
c0000009
The answer truly escapes me,
you see.
c0000010
I wouldn't go around
spilling intel if I were you.
c0000011
Tell me...
c0000012
was it you
who defeated Vichyssoise?
c0000013
Former eleventh
of the Saint Disciples?
c0000014
I don't have
to tell you anything.
c0000015
Well, that non-answer
is plenty enough for me.
c0000016
Just in case, I sent
another assassin this way.
c0000017
Unfortunately,
they have yet to arrive.
c0000018
[exhales]
Assassin?
c0000019
Pity.
But all is well.
c0000020
The longer I dally here,
c0000021
the more I will be missed
at the royal palace.
c0000022
I am late for the occas--
c0000023
[Iska grunts]
c0000024
LAST CRUSADE:
NIGHT OF THE WITCH HUNT
c0000025
Finished?
c0000026
Because I was not done talking.
c0000027
[ISKA]
Too bad.
c0000028
[Iska grunts]
c0000029
[grunts]
c0000030
Hm.
c0000031
I can't let you
come any closer.
c0000032
That'd be dangerous.
c0000033
[exhales]
c0000034
The Great Eagre.
c0000035
♪
c0000036
[Iska grunts]
c0000037
[groans]
c0000038
[ISKA]
It's crushing my arm!
c0000039
[exhales]
c0000040
[TALISMAN] Avoiding capture
right in the nick of time.
c0000041
For such a young man,
c0000042
you are a seasoned fighter.
c0000043
A war-dog and a destroyer
bred for the battlefield.
c0000044
[rumbling]
c0000045
[Iska gasps]
c0000046
[chuckles]
c0000047
[grunts]
c0000048
[Iska groans]
c0000049
[grunts]
c0000050
[ISKA]
If I time it right,
c0000051
I can move in
faster than the waves!
c0000052
An Imperial soldier
without a gun is a rare sight.
c0000053
But there's one thing.
c0000054
Could it be the barrier?
c0000055
[shatters]
c0000056
Oh?
c0000057
What gave it away?
c0000058
Hunch.
c0000059
[chuckles]
c0000060
Paring your expertise
down to a "hunch?"
c0000061
Saint Disciples do truly belong
in a class of their own.
c0000062
A dangerous problem
in this age.
c0000063
-Hmm.
-[Talisman chuckles]
c0000064
It was quite dull
without someone to play with.
c0000065
[Iska gasps]
c0000066
[grunts]
c0000067
[TALISMAN] A wave is
a ripple of dynamic energy
c0000068
that has acquired a vector.
c0000069
It is the very physical quality
c0000070
that creates mass
and acceleration.
c0000071
But I assume
you already knew that.
c0000072
Huh?
c0000073
It would still be wise of you
c0000074
not to lump
all wave users in together.
c0000075
Our levels of expertise
vary widely.
c0000076
[Iska groans]
c0000077
[ISKA]
Crap, I let my guard down!
c0000078
What else is
he holding back from me?
c0000079
[TALISMAN]
The Vicious Tyrant, Talisman.
c0000080
Ignore the name,
c0000081
as it does not at all
reflect my true sensibilities.
c0000082
[scoffs]
c0000083
Sure about that?
c0000084
It suits you.
c0000085
[spits]
c0000086
[all panting]
c0000087
Putting our lives on the line
to play escort.
c0000088
All for one measly
astral sticker.
c0000089
This job is turning
into a real mess.
c0000090
-Huh? What was that?
-[gunshot firing]
c0000091
Nothing, keep running.
c0000092
[MISMIS]
Can't you do anything
c0000093
to take care of those guys,
Sisbell?
c0000094
[gunshots firing]
c0000095
[NENE]
Maybe blast them away?
c0000096
If I were a grenade,
c0000097
then I wouldn't need
to hire a bodyguard!
c0000098
Unless...
c0000099
there is another way
that I can buy us some time!
c0000100
Stars, show me your past.
c0000101
And come to light!
c0000102
[SOLDIER]
What?
c0000103
Hm.
c0000104
[exhales]
Well? Not a grenade,
c0000105
but that should hold them off.
c0000106
Yeah.
c0000107
But it won't fool them
a second time.
c0000108
We need to leave
before we give them
c0000109
the opportunity
to surround us on all sides.
c0000110
Got any rooms upstairs
we can jump out of?
c0000111
[SISBELL]
We have the corner guest room
c0000112
on the second floor.
c0000113
[Mismis shivering]
c0000114
Did the temperature just drop?
c0000115
[NENE]
That's what I was wondering.
c0000116
-Huh?
-[NENE] Huh?
c0000117
[GRUGELL]
Children.
c0000118
Come out, come out,
wherever you are.
c0000119
[all gasp]
c0000120
c0000121
[rumbling]
c0000122
[Grugell chuckles]
c0000123
[GRUGELL]
Run from me all you like,
c0000124
but you won't be
able to hide forever
c0000125
with Lady Sisbell at your hip.
c0000126
[JHIN]
Incredible.
c0000127
You're a stubborn old hag,
aren't you?
c0000128
All right, then, granny.
c0000129
Let's get you to bed, now.
c0000130
I would like nothing more
than to retire for the evening.
c0000131
But I've lost patience
c0000132
with the little mice
scuttling underfoot.
c0000133
Give me the girl
so I can stamp you three out.
c0000134
-Not happening.
-[gunshot fires]
c0000135
♪
c0000136
-Let's go!
-[ALL] Yes!
c0000137
[growls]
c0000138
[GRUGELL]
You vermin!
c0000139
Look!
We've got company!
c0000140
[JHIN]
Pay attention!
c0000141
[laughing]
c0000142
[JHIN]
We're less than prey to her.
c0000143
Which means she's sorely
underestimating us.
c0000144
[TALISMAN]
Feel that?
c0000145
Those wounds are from me
converting the wave energy
c0000146
into physical acceleration.
c0000147
Any mages with
the same astral spirit,
c0000148
are capable of this feat.
c0000149
"Any mages?"
Cut the crap.
c0000150
[TALISMAN]
Training at its finest.
c0000151
[thuds]
c0000152
[chuckles]
c0000153
[thwacks]
c0000154
[grunts]
c0000155
[ISKA]
Just like I thought.
c0000156
It's not the initial speed
that makes him fast.
c0000157
His acceleration's unreal.
c0000158
He's riding the momentum
of his astral power!
c0000159
[thuds]
c0000160
[Iska grunts]
c0000161
[TALISMAN]
Physical conversion of waves.
c0000162
It took me six years
to create this technique.
c0000163
And eight years to master it.
c0000164
Thirteen more to get here.
And so...
c0000165
Nearly 30 years of work,
give or take.
c0000166
A skillful man, I'm not.
c0000167
[gasps]
c0000168
[TALISMAN]
But one cannot reach this level
c0000169
with the mental fortitude
of common folk.
c0000170
Young Saint Disciple.
c0000171
Is the truth of my words
c0000172
slowly beginning
to dawn on you?
c0000173
[ISKA]
I can't even evade it?
c0000174
We are two people
of the same cloth.
c0000175
Rending countless bodies in
our wake for a God's power.
c0000176
[Iska groans]
c0000177
[thuds]
c0000178
Yet I have the upper hand,
experience-wise.
c0000179
See the difference
between us now?
c0000180
[ISKA]
I'm not through.
c0000181
[TALISMAN]
What?
c0000182
[groans]
c0000183
You took that blow
to your body head on.
c0000184
[ISKA]
Pretty much, yeah.
c0000185
[TALISMAN] So why are
your lungs not obliterated?
c0000186
[ISKA] Even one second later
releasing the astral art,
c0000187
and I would've been a goner.
c0000188
[chuckles]
Marvelous!
c0000189
Well done surviving that.
[clapping]
c0000190
A compelling adversary,
to say the least.
c0000191
Honestly, I have chills, boy.
c0000192
Funny.
That's my line.
c0000193
[ISKA] He's standing there,
toying with me,
c0000194
and here I am,
c0000195
racing to keep up
and figure out his next move.
c0000196
I'm out of my depth.
c0000197
[TALISMAN] Can you think
of a more perfect stage?
c0000198
This estate is built on a hill,
c0000199
where daybreak can
bathe the interior
c0000200
in a splash of sunlight.
c0000201
[ISKA]
Don't get ahead of yourself.
c0000202
Look outside,
it's only midnight.
c0000203
The glorious sunrise
will not be outshone.
c0000204
For tonight is
the final curtain call
c0000205
for the blinding beam of light
that is the House of Lou.
c0000206
The unfailing star will
burn out at long last.
c0000207
Are you saying
the queen will be cut down?
c0000208
[TALISMAN] [chuckles]
I would never dream
c0000209
of saying such a thing.
c0000210
But who am I to deny
one of your "hunches?"
c0000211
And what's your endgame here?
c0000212
[TALISMAN]
Isn't it obvious?
c0000213
When the starry night
of the Lou ends,
c0000214
morning will come.
c0000215
And with it, the bird
of the new world order
c0000216
will at last take flight.
c0000217
[KISSING]
Disappear.
c0000218
The sooner you're dead,
the sooner I sleep.
c0000219
[MEI]
Whoa, scary.
c0000220
[Mei laughs]
c0000221
So let me guess.
c0000222
Star-body astral spirit
that undoes matter.
c0000223
Am I getting warm yet?
c0000224
[KISSING]
Seeking shelter from up there
c0000225
won't save your life.
c0000226
Word on the street is
second-gen astral spirits
c0000227
born from the planet's core
c0000228
leave their owners
with a distinct
c0000229
purple-colored crest.
c0000230
Show it to me.
c0000231
I will do no such thing.
c0000232
My pride as a lady forbids it.
c0000233
"Pride?"
"A lady?"
c0000234
Don't you gimme that.
c0000235
I'm not an idiot.
c0000236
And I know a witch
when I see one.
c0000237
I'm dying to have
a taste of pureblood witch.
c0000238
I'll figure out
where you're hiding that crest.
c0000239
Maybe I'll start
by tearing off
c0000240
that pretty dress of yours.
c0000241
Ah!
Uh-huh!
c0000242
Wonderful.
c0000243
You were right all along,
Uncle On.
c0000244
Imperial soldiers
are the worst.
c0000245
I'm so relieved!
c0000246
I can crush
every last one of you,
c0000247
without a single care
in the world!
c0000248
Erase them from these halls
c0000249
[chuckles softly]
c0000250
[wind gusting]
c0000251
[MEI]
How about a hard lesson
c0000252
with shards of glass
to the face!
c0000253
-[gasps]
-[Mei laughs]
c0000254
[KISSING] She turns
my astral spirit's defense
c0000255
against me.
c0000256
[MEI]
C'mon.
c0000257
Where's the fun
in an astral spirit like that
c0000258
paired with
a sheltered little witch?
c0000259
Scratch that,
c0000260
real witches love
to play mind games.
c0000261
You're just a doll.
c0000262
Kill her.
[snaps fingers]
c0000263
[gunshots firing]
c0000264
"Doll" is the last word
I'd call a descendant.
c0000265
[all gasp]
c0000266
[CAPTAIN] It was point blank
and still nothing?
c0000267
Our astral control
is unmatched.
c0000268
Your bullets mean
nothing to a Zoa.
c0000269
Oh, that was a slip.
c0000270
Uncle On said that's a secret.
c0000271
All the more reason
for you to die here.
c0000272
[glass shatters]
c0000273
Uh.
c0000274
[MEI]
"Ruined King Hurricane."
c0000275
Activate.
c0000276
Thorns!
Rip that woman apart--
c0000277
Didn't I tell you?
c0000278
I'm gonna show you
why they call me
c0000279
the "Incessant Tempest."
c0000280
So this is bye-bye,
my cute little witch.
c0000281
[firing]
c0000282
First, I would
like to thank you.
c0000283
The fate of this planet
c0000284
brought us
a most remarkable guest.
c0000285
[ON]
You see.
c0000286
[chuckles softly]
c0000287
How'd she...?
c0000288
[RISYA]
Close, but no dice!
c0000289
So much for being
a model gentleman.
c0000290
Now.
c0000291
Does an Imperial solider
c0000292
by the name of Mismis
ring any bells?
c0000293
Mismis?
c0000294
[RISYA] She's a captain
of the Imperial Army.
c0000295
You met her at Mudor Canyon,
c0000296
where you allegedly sent her
on a nasty trip to the vortex.
c0000297
Anything?
c0000298
Because I've heard
stories about you.
c0000299
Word gets around fast
in our cohort.
c0000300
Oh.
Now that you mention it,
c0000301
that girl does sound
vaguely familiar.
c0000302
I see.
c0000303
The two of you lot
share a connection, then.
c0000304
How peculiar.
c0000305
They recruited you
around the same time,
c0000306
yet she is
at a captain's level,
c0000307
while you were promoted
to Saint Disciple?
c0000308
[RISYA]
Well, more or less.
c0000309
[ON]
From what I hear,
c0000310
the army is known to be
quite competitive
c0000311
when it comes to rank.
c0000312
Many must covet
the position you are in.
c0000313
[RISYA]
Never gets old!
c0000314
Unlike turning 22
for the fourth time counting.
c0000315
Four times counting?
c0000316
You're full of surprises,
young lady.
c0000317
Or is it more apt
to call you an old vet?
c0000318
Pardon!
I'm not that old!
c0000319
It is my personal policy
to start over before I hit 30!
c0000320
You're looking at...
c0000321
a young,
lovely woman in her prime!
c0000322
-[laughs]
-[ON] Hmm.
c0000323
[RISYA] Anyway.
Enough chit-chat.
c0000324
The Apostles passed down
c0000325
a to list of purebreds
to capture.
c0000326
-[On chokes]
-Think I'll start with you.
c0000327
An Imperial with an astral art?
c0000328
[GROWLEY]
Here.
c0000329
Allow me to measure
the depth of your sin.
c0000330
♪
c0000331
[NAMELESS]
An embodiment of astral energy?
c0000332
[GROWLEY]
An avatar, to be precise.
c0000333
You have committed a sin,
and thus,
c0000334
heavy on your shoulders,
c0000335
that sin has become
your punishment to bear.
c0000336
Your folly is believing
c0000337
you could carelessly attack me
without retaliation.
c0000338
[knife clatters]
c0000339
How did this confidence
develop?
c0000340
Did you truly believe
c0000341
you could tip
the scales of judgement?
c0000342
[NAMELESS]
Judgement?
c0000343
I was never one
to beg for forgiveness.
c0000344
Tedious.
c0000345
[Growley laughs]
c0000346
[NAMELESS]
Pesky thing.
c0000347
♪
c0000348
[explodes]
c0000349
[shatters]
c0000350
[GROWLEY]
It's useless!
c0000351
What good is a blade or boulder
c0000352
to a being that
cannot be punctured or crushed?
c0000353
[NAMELESS] A counterattack-type
astral spirit?
c0000354
Astral energy grows in response
to the enemy's abilities.
c0000355
Gorging until it reaches
a certain point,
c0000356
before taking the form
of a beast to attack.
c0000357
But that can't be all.
c0000358
Several other factors
must influence its growth.
c0000359
Your injuries, for example.
c0000360
And another related
to your opponent's condition.
c0000361
Or more accurately,
c0000362
their "sin."
c0000363
[Growley chuckles]
c0000364
[GROWLEY] So, the Imperial dog
catches on quick!
c0000365
I suppose I should reward you
c0000366
with a warning
about the avatar,
c0000367
so listen closely.
c0000368
Its appetite is endless.
c0000369
[NAMELESS]
Ugly creature.
c0000370
Its ability to go through
physical objects
c0000371
will be the death of you.
c0000372
[Growley chuckles]
c0000373
[NAMELESS] Die with your
greedy astral spirit.
c0000374
Demon.
c0000375
[car accelerates]
c0000376
[tires screeching]
c0000377
[explodes]
c0000378
Of course. Using the shadows
to ambush us!
c0000379
[ice shatters]
c0000380
[Alice gasps]
c0000381
Why is this happening?
c0000382
Stop!
Lady Alice!
c0000383
Enemies could be
lurking around any corner.
c0000384
-Stay alert.
-Hm.
c0000385
[MAGE]
Lady Alice!
c0000386
I'm glad you're safe!
c0000387
You two!
c0000388
Give me your report.
Now!
c0000389
Right!
c0000390
Securing the royal palace
is our top priority.
c0000391
Please go to the queen,
My Lady Alice!
c0000392
Protect her from harm!
c0000393
We'll deal with all the fires!
c0000394
[Alice gasps]
c0000395
[ALICE]
No, get back!
c0000396
[both groaning]
c0000397
[both groan]
c0000398
[thuds]
c0000399
Are you all right?
c0000400
Rin.
Call a medic now.
c0000401
-Quickly!
-Right!
c0000402
[fire crackling]
c0000403
♪
c0000404
[ALICE] Do me a favor
and evacuate everyone
c0000405
to the shelter.
c0000406
Personnel should be
waiting for them there.
c0000407
I'll handle things here.
c0000408
Wait, think about this!
c0000409
Stay calm!
c0000410
Yes, I already have.
c0000411
And I am perfectly calm.
c0000412
The castle should be
well defended.
c0000413
But the people here are
c0000414
bearing the brunt
of the attack.
c0000415
Uh.
c0000416
[inhales deeply]
c0000417
[exhales]
c0000418
Return to me
in one quarter-hour.
c0000419
I'll take control of the fires.
c0000420
Yes!
c0000421
As you wish!
c0000422
[stomping]
c0000423
And if I'm so much
as a second late,
c0000424
do not delay!
c0000425
Head for the queen without me!
c0000426
[footsteps receding]
c0000427
[ALICE]
It's fine.
c0000428
I know I made
the right decision.
c0000429
Not even a Saint Disciple
c0000430
could infiltrate
the queen's palace
c0000431
in such a short amount of time.
c0000432
All forces!
Fall back!
c0000433
Take cover behind me!
c0000434
Right now!
c0000435
I'll put out these flames
in one fell swoop!
c0000436
[ELLETEAR]
Target the fuel tanks
c0000437
in the quarantine warehouse
to set the assault in motion.
c0000438
The blaze easily overwhelms.
c0000439
Even the palace's elite
would have trouble
c0000440
controlling the inferno.
c0000441
Tonight's dramatic performance
c0000442
couldn't have played out
any better.
c0000443
[knocking on door]
c0000444
[MINISTER]
Lady Elletear,
c0000445
it's the Imperials!
c0000446
[ELLETEAR] I wonder
how Lord Talisman is doing.
c0000447
I imagine he's captured Sisbell
right about now.
c0000448
[MINISTER]
Do you hear me?
c0000449
[ELLETEAR]
Minister.
c0000450
[MINISTER]
Oh, thank goodness!
c0000451
We must leave!
c0000452
[ELLETEAR]
You needn't worry.
c0000453
[MINISTER]
Huh?
c0000454
[ELLETEAR] Please, evacuate
to the shelter without me.
c0000455
As long as you stay away
from the queen's palace,
c0000456
you'll be safe from harm.
c0000457
The army has no need
to injure bystanders.
c0000458
[MINISTER]
And what of you, Lady Elletear?
c0000459
[ELLETEAR]
Give me a moment.
c0000460
I will meet you there shortly.
c0000461
[chuckles softly]
c0000462
[MINISTER]
As you wish.
c0000463
But please hurry.
c0000464
Leave as soon as you can!
c0000465
[footsteps receding]
c0000466
Leave?
No,
c0000467
the stage has
only just been set,
c0000468
and the Disciples are up next.
c0000469
Excessive injuries to
the public aren't my ideal.
c0000470
I'd rather they get rid
of the queen without fuss.
c0000471
Enough time's passed.
c0000472
I really should be
getting ready myself.
c0000473
Alice. Sisbell.
c0000474
Mother.
c0000475
Too long you've turned
a blind eye to my pain.
c0000476
That all changes tonight.
c0000477
Witness with your own eyes
Sovereignty's cleansing.
c0000478
[JOHAIM]
Queen Nebulis.
c0000479
I'm not here
to waste your time,
c0000480
so I'll keep this short.
c0000481
-[gasps]
-I'm here to take your head.
c0000482
On your knees!
c0000483
[Johaim grunts]
c0000484
[debris clatters]
c0000485
[JOHAIM]
The Serene Wind, Milla.
c0000486
And yet, your astral art
is as violent as they come.
c0000487
[MILLAVAIR]
Hearing a decades-old
c0000488
moniker feels strange.
c0000489
[JOHAIM]
Millavair Lou Nebulis VIII.
c0000490
An astral mage
who harnesses wind.
c0000491
Or maybe
I should be more accurate.
c0000492
You have mastery of air itself.
c0000493
That, on a much larger scale,
prevails over wind.
c0000494
You were 11 years old
when you entered the war.
c0000495
In the ten years after,
c0000496
you fought
and conquered more battles
c0000497
than any other pure-blood,
c0000498
acquiring around 3%
c0000499
of the Empire's
total territory.
c0000500
Despite being a witch,
you rose in the ranks
c0000501
to become Sovereignty's
c0000502
most skilled martial artist
and assassin.
c0000503
Many considered you
the most powerful candidate
c0000504
for queen in history.
c0000505
But, you've grown weaker.
c0000506
[MILLAVAIR] To stand
and speak with such surety,
c0000507
one would think you'd witnessed
c0000508
my accomplishments
for yourself.
c0000509
[JOHAIM]
Let's just say,
c0000510
word around the palace spreads.
c0000511
[MILLAVAIR]
I see.
c0000512
[MILLAVAIR]
Where are the guards?
c0000513
What's taking them so long?
c0000514
The ones nearby
should have noticed
c0000515
the commotion by now.
c0000516
One must make sacrifices.
c0000517
The state of my power
is irrelevant
c0000518
when balanced
against the alternative.
c0000519
Have other Saint Disciples
infiltrated the palace
c0000520
and engaged the guards?
c0000521
So long as I can protect
my nation
c0000522
with the power I do have,
c0000523
what difference does it make?
c0000524
[MILLAVAIR] Alice should have
been here by now.
c0000525
[JOHAIM] Are you waiting for
the Ice Calamity Witch?
c0000526
[sword clanking]
c0000527
[MILLAVAIR]
Bomb Cyclone!
c0000528
There must be a conspirator.
c0000529
[JOHAIM]
This is an information war.
c0000530
Sheer offense alone isn't
nearly enough to kill you.
c0000531
I was right about Elletear.
c0000532
[grunts]
c0000533
You're dead.
c0000534
[MILLAVAIR] You dare
underestimate a queen?
c0000535
[groans]
c0000536
I suppose I have no choice.
c0000537
If neither the guards
nor Alice will come,
c0000538
I will manage without them.
c0000539
Though, I do loathe the idea
of making a mess of the Hall.
c0000540
It's already seen
enough destruction.
c0000541
Either way.
c0000542
This farce has run its course.
c0000543
[TALISMAN]
This nation has been worn down
c0000544
by the ravages of time.
c0000545
As it stands,
c0000546
the Lous and current queen
hold balance
c0000547
in the war against the Empire.
c0000548
And the Zoas continue to scream
for revenge against the Empire.
c0000549
As for the Hydras,
c0000550
we're dissatisfied with
the current state of affairs.
c0000551
What do you think,
c0000552
-Imperial?
-[Iska gasps]
c0000553
[chuckles]
c0000554
[ISKA] Is this really
just a wave astral art?
c0000555
I'm impressed you saw
through that, soldier.
c0000556
Sharp eyes you have on you!
c0000557
Or perhaps you heard
and felt the churning?
c0000558
[ISKA]
Take your pick!
c0000559
♪
c0000560
Uh.
c0000561
[grunts]
c0000562
[explodes]
c0000563
[Iska groans]
c0000564
[ISKA]
All that from one fist?
c0000565
This can't be the work
of a single wave!
c0000566
Masterfully dodged.
c0000567
Do they train you Imperials
to pick up everything?
c0000568
Hmm.
c0000569
What I don't understand
c0000570
is why you would
put your life on the line
c0000571
to protect Lady Sisbell.
c0000572
The reward she promised you
must be quite lucrative indeed.
c0000573
Did you think we'd lay down
and let you overwhelm us?
c0000574
If anything, you're the ones
who attacked us first.
c0000575
For what it's worth,
you're quite misguided.
c0000576
This is an estate owned
by the Sovereignty's royalty.
c0000577
Soldiers from
the opposing nation
c0000578
aren't the usual guests
that occupy this manor.
c0000579
Elletear.
c0000580
She told you everything,
didn't she?
c0000581
Why would she turn her back
on her own mother?
c0000582
Can one dare
put her beauty into words?
c0000583
[ISKA]
What?
c0000584
[TALISMAN] What the people
would deem "witchcraft,"
c0000585
perfectly sums up the totality
of her exquisiteness.
c0000586
Before her radiance,
even the Goddess herself
c0000587
would bow and scrape.
c0000588
Truly a magnificent gift
from the Gods.
c0000589
And yet...
c0000590
[shatters]
c0000591
For all her elegance,
she was abandoned by the stars.
c0000592
[Iska gasps]
c0000593
Therein lies
your misunderstanding.
c0000594
Despite what you think,
c0000595
Hydra and Elletear's goals
are not the same.
c0000596
We simply share
the same ideals and "step one."
c0000597
Working together is
a matter of convenience.
c0000598
And step one is
to overthrow the queen?
c0000599
[TALISMAN] If we can
eliminate the current ruler,
c0000600
Sovereignty's unshaken
foundation
c0000601
will weaken ever so slightly.
c0000602
Giving us the advantage
c0000603
we'll sorely need
in our future endeavors.
c0000604
So, is that what you told
the Empire to win them over?
c0000605
I'll leave that answer
to your imagination.
c0000606
Let's get one thing straight,
Talisman.
c0000607
This isn't the battle
I want to fight with Nebulis.
c0000608
Trust me on that.
c0000609
Whatever do you mean?
c0000610
What happens if we end up
doing things your way?
c0000611
Both nations will
continue to hurt?
c0000612
And any chance for peace
will be lost?
c0000613
The end?
c0000614
Well, I won't accept that.
c0000615
That isn't the ending
I want for any of us!
c0000616
I want my home to survive.
c0000617
Same for Sovereignty!
c0000618
Why does one have to fall?
c0000619
A rousing speech, destroyer!
[clapping]
c0000620
You're simply dripping
with romanticism.
c0000621
A surprisingly sweet fantasy,
c0000622
but you of all people
c0000623
should know
that will never come to pass.
c0000624
You see,
c0000625
long has this day
been desired by both
c0000626
Saint Disciples
and royals alike.
c0000627
The ones who wished for
c0000628
the nation's downfall,
at least.
c0000629
What are you talking about?
c0000630
They wanted to compare.
c0000631
Find the elusive answer
to a decade-long question
c0000632
of who is superior in
this crowded game of war.
c0000633
The Saint Disciples
of the Empire...
c0000634
or is it the purebred
descendants of the Founder?
c0000635
All will know after today.
c0000636
Once and for all,
who is champion.
c0000637
Dear boy.
c0000638
[snaps fingers]
c0000639
That's what
this night is about.